oh baby baby but babies wait Samuel Rita
yes yes yes today I'm gonna build my
first everything 15 take so yes we can
say that this year is my started same oh
my god yes yes yes I love but then you
said off the player cards look so smooth
we've got silver and gold players oh
we've got players from the Liga
Portuguese a Turkish league aren t visa
and the ppl here we go the gold keeper
Fraser Busta 72 diving a degree flex 41
speed 75 positioning 76 handling with
70k king and he's got a post a big foot
six point seven feet tall and his safety
niggas a traditional Oh Jack him so here
we've got my defense and yes it looks a
rock fricking solid we've got on wawa
and gary cailin mathura center by
positions well yes they're both pretty
get them amazing but Gary Cahill's got a
tip or defending 76 physical 74 phase
that is all we need but only wow wow 83
pays 60 passing 75 defending and 77
physical oh my god yes yes yes a banana
off in the left back with of course I
can take in the right back position he's
got able to place 67 shooting 71 passing
76 rippling 740 panting and 73 physical
twenty thousand coins what am I thinking
is so expensive 91 place at seven points
rumbling six and I defend thanks Evans
your physical and moving into the
midfield imissu cinema positions with
cabbage Melton and William garba yo is
gab 59 / 60 shooting 70 passing 70 ones
rippling 80 defending an 84 heading this
is a perfect in midfield player vision
Alden forces kill moose post Abdi put a
23 pays 73 shielding 70 passing 84 dread
playing next we've got a mean nature
made say this guy's got pretty much
everything 7873 thrilling 65 physical 69
shooting forces kill moose
recently put and yes the best thing
about me is that he wakes up with this
guy finds dead skin most five step d put
the morality and chica we yes yes he's
so freaking insane 84 pace 86 wriggling
70 physical 80 passing 73 shielding oh
my god is this a dream or is this real
life I don't know because every gal talk
what s my is back in FIFA I love them so
much he's got fights Eskimos 84 place at
seven for shooting 77 Fezzik 85 tripling
64 physical ricardo quaresma welcome
back to fifa body has i'm going to team
up with the other guy in the left we
position at dip i-91 place is everyone
shielding 72 passing 84 tripling he's
getting five cents kim mostest that
Bigfoot's oh yes we've got the raid five
cesky us in the same so we can say the
skills are back with min al-iman doing
my this seam looks unreal this is what I
call a starter team hybrid why wait
let's play some games now okay okay game
number one we did not stop against this
team oh oh my god this game looks so
good here we are Jay Galle is there but
I get my first goal know what to say oh
yeah 99 and a meaning and not gonna
happen not gonna happen not today oh my
first goal is disgusting oh oh yeah I
would've gone got this take the shot get
me d whoa we've got six hours to play
this game of your once in the replace or
kidding me man why the hell is my
goalkeeper taking this quarter keg is
this a joke my right back he can shoot
it I thought it was in oh boy he's wrong
he's quick and he's got pipes Eskimos
buddy can get this ball out get this
ball out oh oh my god no my kind of took
him out with that I took him out with
that move I did got that please give me
the UH jonell someone inside oh good hey
nay nay nay oh my God he's gotta go
back to one oh my god i just gave him
that though someone block that shot
you've gotta be kidding me davai davai
why don't I just kill or something guys
work it work it poet boom yes yes yes
away my first pivot in game game number
two against the DB oh holy what am
i doing what am i doing real high finish
it by oh yeah what the hell is going on
this guy is played this game before
apparently I'm so I by my committee
Chloe are you wow that was so well
done sweaty we got that up the line by
myself stupid why this is just typical
look at that I'm just so share this game
we've got this davai davai oh my he's
not supposed to save this oh yeah that's
his you know I score disgusting goals in
this game bow to my main man police
squad attack yet up okay just put on
your brain words experts and it is this
guy is so much better than me in this
game that's just that's upside this is
not up sigh and now that's a gold card
oh god yes can it can meet the get
anything we've got the coat back how is
that even oh my god i know i'm just
thrilled now i'm just throwing go now
stop dude mother shakal we check out we
hold she we've got the league yo yo yo
yo yo beautiful goal
what the hell did I just do we've gotta
be taking them yes I just gave him a
girl I just gave him a goal at the midea
now we arrest my not your best game but
he's gonna give me that 31 huh no he's
gonna go the middle you all let's go
middle I can win it gosh joke ends
playing two games one that's exactly how
it supposed to fight against oh here we
go the semi final of the Champions
shield we get nuts dope against the BBL
saturday is it through and go one rule I
hell to the no no sweat year know the
Divas Aspen parolee this is goodbye can
find someone inside the box we can and
we we we hey that is some shitty
defending but Jason take a shot let's go
that is it go from curve I yo k oh look
at that look at this book villain
carvalho yes who's kristin connection
has been lost with your opponent oh wait
a second we just got the win so that
means one thing that guy rage quit but
why did he do that i'm only winning one
nil so there it as a bit my starter team
is on another level it's so good that
the events on the wahwah is amazing you
better get it now current buyer with an
amazing goal at Jack only five sets
Gilles what else do I need FIFA 15 is on
a roll now and I'm so happy that I can
make these videos for you guys but of
course if you guys like this video be
sure to it down like what room is not
even appreciate your support can we hit
at 4,000 likes I'll be answered and also
let me know the gun section below 170
notes booked for the next episode is
missing that pass they could play